update for Local Font Access API (#30505)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/querylocalfonts/index.md

The **`window.queryLocalFonts()`** method returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an array of {{domxref("FontData")}} objects representing the font faces available locally.

> To use this method, the user must grant permission to access `local-fonts` (permission status can be queried via the {{domxref("Permissions API")}}. In addition, this feature may be blocked by a {{httpheader("Permissions-Policy")}} set on your server.

Reviewer: Linking to the HTTP header is not as good as linking to the explanation page. Also, using `domxref` here will mark _Permissions API_ as code: it is not the case. The original is better.
```suggestion
To use this method, the user must grant permission to access `local-fonts` (permission status can be queried via the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API). In addition, this feature may be blocked by a [Permissions Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Permissions_Policy) set on your server.
```

- `options` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Contains optional configuration parameters. Currently only one property is defined:

>     - `postscriptNames` {{optional_inline}}

Reviewer: If an entry is optional_inline (and is not an object), we should say what its default is.

- `options` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Contains optional configuration parameters. Currently only one property is defined:
    - `postscriptNames` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : An array of font PostScript names. If this is specified, only fonts with PostScript names matching those in the array will be included in the results. If not, all fonts will be included in the results.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
      - : An array of font PostScript names. If this is specified, only fonts with PostScript names matching those in the array will be included in the results; if not, all fonts will be included in the results.
```

- `NotAllowedError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : The user chose to deny permission to use this feature when presented with the browser's permission prompt after the method was first invoked.
- `SecurityError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Use of this feature was blocked by a {{httpheader("Permissions-Policy")}}, or it was not called via a user interaction such as a button press, or current {{glossary("origin")}} is an opaque origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Use of this feature was blocked by a [Permissions Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Permissions_Policy), or it was not called via a user interaction such as a button press, or current {{glossary("origin")}} is an opaque origin.
```
